= Synopsis

Ruby openEHR implementation project.
* http://github.com/skoba/ruby-impl-openehr

= Version

Release-1.1.3

= Requirements

* Ruby 1.9.2 or later recommended
* Tested with Ruby 1.9.3 on Linux and FreeBSD.
* It would work with some adjustment on Ruby 1.8 or earlier,
  but not confirmed.
* It should work on other platforms with Ruby
  support as well.

== DESCRIPTION:

This is a stable release of Ruby openEHR implementation project.
This release is based on openEHR specification release 1.0.2.
We implemented almost of the specifications of the openEHR.
The work is still in progress to implement related tools, such as
archetype validator or serializer. Formerly, we named this package
as open_ehr, but changed to openehr from release 1.1.0. 1.0.x versions
are obsoleted.
The intention is to have a sample EHR to utilize all over the world
quickly with Ruby on Rails for many other porject.
From this release we changed license from MPL 1.1 to Apache 2.0 license,
as regards to the other openEHR artefact license.

This package includes:
* ADL 1.4 parser
* AM/RM packages based on the openEHR specification 1.0.2

This package excludes:
* ADL serializer(in progress)
* ADL validator(in progress)
* Data store/retrieve would be separate to the other project.

Almost all classes passed the test constructed by RSpec2. These spec
files are under /spec.

Some specifications are not well determined yet, such as rm/security
and so on. We postponed to implement such classes.

Terminology and Demographic server will be implemented in other
projects.

= Authors
* Main codes
Shinji Kobayashi, Akimichi Tatsukawa
openEHR.jp, <http://openehr.jp>

* ADL parser test cases are derived from Java and Eiffel
reference implementation project of the openEHR.

= Copyright
The software, including all files in this directory and
subdirectories is copyrighted to the original authors and
contributors, 2011.

All Rights Reserved.

= License

This product is under Apache 2.0 license

   Copyright [2012] Shinji Kobayashi, Akimichi Tatsukawa, openEHR.jp

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
